The folder contains .ai files and .png exports of clocks ranging from 2-tick to 12-tick for use in Roll20. Search YouTube for tutorials on how to set up the clocks in Roll20. 

When set up in Roll 20, double-click on it to give it a name and check the box next to 'Show Nameplate'.

You can also use the 'Tint Color' feature to color-code the clocks if so desired.

Permission is granted for all commercial and non-commercial use, as long as credit is given.

HOW TO USE CLOCKS IN ROLL20

CREATING A CLOCK

1) Create a Rollable Table in the Collections tab of your Roll20 session. You can find an explanation for how to do that here: https://roll20.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039178754-Collections#Collections-RollableTables

2) Name the new Table something appropriate to the clock you are creating, such as "4-Clock"

3) Select the Table you just created and click "Add Item."

4) Make sure the Weight of the Item is set to 1.

5) Drag a PNG from the folder for the Clock you are making into the Icon slot (or browse your device's directory to add the PNG), such as "SF 4 Clock 0 Tick Numbered."

6) Name the new Item something appropriate, such as "0 Ticks."

7) Click "Save Changes."

8) Repeat Steps 3 to 7 for each PNG in that Clock's folder.

USING A CLOCK

1) Go to your Roll20 session's Collections tab and scroll down until you find the Clocks you have already created.

2) Click the "Token" button next to the Clock you need. This will create a token in the play space that looks like the first Item in its table.

3) If you right click on the token a menu will appear. If you hover over "Multi-Sided" a sub menu will appear.

4) Select "Choose Side" from the sub menu to open a window displaying the token and a slider. You can adjust the token's image by moving the slider, which will change it to each of the Items that you have previously entered in the Table.

NUMBERED CLOCKS CREATED BY: Adam Bucceri
www.adambucceri.com
https://adam-bucceri.itch.io/
These clocks were designed for the game HARROWING
https://adam-bucceri.itch.io/harrowing

HOW TO USE CLOCKS INSTRUCTIONS MODIFIED FROM: Austin Ramsay
https://austin-ramsay.itch.io/